<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@influxdata/influxdb-client](./influxdb-client.md) &gt; [QueryApi](./influxdb-client.queryapi.md)

## QueryApi interface

Query InfluxDB. Provides methods that notify about result lines of the executed query. See [https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/latest/api/\#operation/PostQuery](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/latest/api/#operation/PostQuery)

**Signature:**

```typescript
interface QueryApi 
```

## Methods

<table><thead><tr><th>

Method


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[collectLines(query)](./influxdb-client.queryapi.collectlines.md)


</td><td>

CollectLines executes the query and collects all result lines in the returned Promise. This method is suitable to collect simple results. Use with caution, a possibly huge stream of lines is copied to memory.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[collectRows(query, rowMapper)](./influxdb-client.queryapi.collectrows.md)


</td><td>

CollectRows executes the query and collects all the results in the returned Promise. This method is suitable to collect simple results. Use with caution, a possibly huge stream of results is copied to memory.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[iterateLines(query)](./influxdb-client.queryapi.iteratelines.md)


</td><td>

IterateLines executes the supplied query and returns results in an async iterable of annotated CSV lines. Async iterables are best consumed by `for-await` loop.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[iterateRows(query)](./influxdb-client.queryapi.iteraterows.md)


</td><td>

IterateRows executes the supplied query and returns results in an async iterable of row data and table metadata pairs. Async iterables are best consumed by `for-await` loop.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[lines(query)](./influxdb-client.queryapi.lines.md)


</td><td>

Creates a cold observable of the lines returned by the given query.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[queryLines(query, consumer)](./influxdb-client.queryapi.querylines.md)


</td><td>

Executes the query and receives result lines (including empty and annotation lines) through the supplied consumer. See [annotated-csv](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/latest/reference/syntax/annotated-csv/)<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[queryRaw(query)](./influxdb-client.queryapi.queryraw.md)


</td><td>

QueryRaw executes a query and returns the full response as a string. Use with caution, a possibly huge stream is copied to memory.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[queryRows(query, consumer)](./influxdb-client.queryapi.queryrows.md)


</td><td>

Executes the query and receives table metadata and rows through the supplied consumer.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[response(query)](./influxdb-client.queryapi.response.md)


</td><td>

Response returns an AnnotatedCSVResponse instance that executes the query when asked for data.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[rows(query)](./influxdb-client.queryapi.rows.md)


</td><td>

Creates a cold observable of the rows returned by the given query.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[with(options)](./influxdb-client.queryapi.with.md)


</td><td>

Returns a new query API with extra options applied.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
