<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@influxdata/influxdb-client-apis](./influxdb-client-apis.md) &gt; [TemplateApply](./influxdb-client-apis.templateapply.md)

## TemplateApply interface

**Signature:**

```typescript
interface TemplateApply 
```

## Properties

<table><thead><tr><th>

Property


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Type


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[actions?](./influxdb-client-apis.templateapply.actions.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Array&lt;{ action?: 'skipKind'; properties?: { kind: [TemplateKind](./influxdb-client-apis.templatekind.md)<!-- -->; }; } \| { action?: 'skipResource'; properties?: { kind: [TemplateKind](./influxdb-client-apis.templatekind.md)<!-- -->; resourceTemplateName: string; }; }&gt;


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ A list of `action` objects. Actions let you customize how InfluxDB applies templates in the request.

You can use the following actions to prevent creating or updating resources:

- A `skipKind` action skips template resources of a specified `kind`<!-- -->. - A `skipResource` action skips template resources with a specified `metadata.name` and `kind`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[dryRun?](./influxdb-client-apis.templateapply.dryrun.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

boolean


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Only applies a dry run of the templates passed in the request.

- Validates the template and generates a resource diff and summary. - Doesn't install templates or make changes to the InfluxDB instance.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[envRefs?](./influxdb-client-apis.templateapply.envrefs.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

any


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ An object with key-value pairs that map to \*\*environment references\*\* in templates.

Environment references in templates are `envRef` objects with an `envRef.key` property. To substitute a custom environment reference value when applying templates, pass `envRefs` with the `envRef.key` and the value.

When you apply a template, InfluxDB replaces `envRef` objects in the template with the values that you provide in the `envRefs` parameter. For more examples, see how to [define environment references](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v2.3/influxdb-templates/use/#define-environment-references)<!-- -->.

The following template fields may use environment references:

- `metadata.name` - `spec.endpointName` - `spec.associations.name`

For more information about including environment references in template fields, see how to [include user-definable resource names](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v2.3/influxdb-templates/create/#include-user-definable-resource-names)<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[orgID?](./influxdb-client-apis.templateapply.orgid.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

string


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Organization ID. InfluxDB applies templates to this organization. The organization owns all resources created by the template.

To find your organization, see how to [view organizations](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v2.3/organizations/view-orgs/)<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[remotes?](./influxdb-client-apis.templateapply.remotes.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Array&lt;{ url: string; contentType?: string; }&gt;


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ A list of URLs for template files.

To apply a template manifest file located at a URL, pass `remotes` with an array that contains the URL.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[secrets?](./influxdb-client-apis.templateapply.secrets.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

any


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ An object with key-value pairs that map to \*\*secrets\*\* in queries.

Queries may reference secrets stored in InfluxDB--for example, the following Flux script retrieves `POSTGRES_USERNAME` and `POSTGRES_PASSWORD` secrets and then uses them to connect to a PostgreSQL database:

```js
import "sql"
import "influxdata/influxdb/secrets"

username = secrets.get(key: "POSTGRES_USERNAME")
password = secrets.get(key: "POSTGRES_PASSWORD")

sql.from(
  driverName: "postgres",
  dataSourceName: "postgresql://${username}:${password}@localhost:5432",
  query: "SELECT * FROM example_table",
)
```
To define secret values in your `/api/v2/templates/apply` request, pass the `secrets` parameter with key-value pairs--for example:

```json
{
  ...
  "secrets": {
    "POSTGRES_USERNAME": "pguser",
    "POSTGRES_PASSWORD": "foo"
  }
  ...
}
```
InfluxDB stores the key-value pairs as secrets that you can access with `secrets.get()`<!-- -->. Once stored, you can't view secret values in InfluxDB.

\#\#\#\# Related guides

- [How to pass secrets when installing a template](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v2.3/influxdb-templates/use/#pass-secrets-when-installing-a-template)


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[stackID?](./influxdb-client-apis.templateapply.stackid.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

string


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ ID of the stack to update.

To apply templates to an existing stack in the organization, use the `stackID` parameter. If you apply templates without providing a stack ID, InfluxDB initializes a new stack with all new resources.

To find a stack ID, use the InfluxDB  to list stacks.

\#\#\#\# Related guides

- [Stacks](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v2.3/influxdb-templates/stacks/) - [View stacks](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v2.3/influxdb-templates/stacks/view/)


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[template?](./influxdb-client-apis.templateapply.template.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

{ contentType?: string; sources?: string\[\]; contents?: [Template](./influxdb-client-apis.template.md)<!-- -->; }


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ A template object to apply. A template object has a `contents` property with an array of InfluxDB resource configurations.

Pass `template` to apply only one template object. If you use `template`<!-- -->, you can't use the `templates` parameter. If you want to apply multiple template objects, use `templates` instead.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[templates?](./influxdb-client-apis.templateapply.templates.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Array&lt;{ contentType?: string; sources?: string\[\]; contents?: [Template](./influxdb-client-apis.template.md)<!-- -->; }&gt;


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ A list of template objects to apply. A template object has a `contents` property with an array of InfluxDB resource configurations.

Use the `templates` parameter to apply multiple template objects. If you use `templates`<!-- -->, you can't use the `template` parameter.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
